I have always loved objects of measurement and display such as our  family barometer, both real and imagined. Do you remember Frodo's  sword Sting in The Hobbit? It's one of those fantastic objects. Not  only is it perfectly made for its task-well-balanced, attractive, and  sharp-it has an additional and amazing ability: it detects the presence  of goblins and evil orcs. When danger approaches, Sting glows blue,  anticipating its own need and use. It is a trusty weapon, an infallible warning system, a handsome object, and a fantastic companion-for  a hobbit.  Sting, the barometer, and so many other steampunk-era objectsvintage car and boat dashboards, analog dials, and stereo interfaceshave material qualities that I respond to. Not only are they delightful to  operate and live with, they have a knowingness about them, a possession of knowledge that they convey, an ability to amplify human abilities. Like a vintage clock, such instruments seem to carry the weight  of experience. Even as a kid, I imagined creating objects that were as handy as  Sting and as mystical as the barometer. In those hours I spent in the  workshop with my grandfather (avoiding the Thanksgiving or Christmas hubbub taking place upstairs), we would turn bowls on the lathe,  take apart clocks, build stereo speakers and bike rollers, dream up  and draw fantasy homes or airports. My curiosity carried through my  childhood: at robot camp one summer, we programmed a poodle-size  robot using a complicated series of codes called assembly language,  6  MY NIGHTMARE  and, in high school, I learned to program on my first Apple He, making it spin out of control with a recursive algorithm.  In college, computing opened my eyes to a new world of possibilities for what objects could already do and what they might eventually be able to do. A double major, I found that both physics and fine art  had their own thrilling languages for characterizing the physical world,  each with revelations and enlightenments. My graduate work at Harvard included the building of software-learning simulations like SimCity. Then I came to MIT's Media Lab, a place where programmers  mix with artists, musicians, and educators, and everyone experiments  with technology and computation, seeking to reinvent everything from  cinema to opera to medicine and education. There, I had another revelation: technology could enhance objects in ways that would come  close to, or even surpass, the qualities of the magical objects from folklore and science fiction that I have loved since I was a kid. To make  ordinary things as extraordinary and delightful to use and as pleasing  to live with as my father's barometer and my grandfather's tools, the  human-computer interaction needs to be freed from clicking and dragging. There can (and will) be real flying carpets and should be (and already are) Dick Tracy wrist communicators.