The most pressing question underlying these competing trajectories is this: What is the most natural and desirable-even invisible-way  for human beings to interact with technology without requiring a new  set of skills or constantly needing to learn new languages, gestures, icons, color codes, or button combinations? This question has fascinated me for years, driven me to start up five technology companies,  and pushed me to pursue academic research and teaching at the Media Lab.  I believe these trajectories-Terminal World, prosthetics/wearables, animism, and enchanted objects-are fluid and transitional. They will all bring some degree of value and will overlap and inform each other.  I have chosen to devote my time and energy to the fourth technology trajectory: enchanted objects. I won't abandon my smartphones or lose interest in the work of my colleagues who are developing wearabies and social robots. I simply believe that the most promising and pleasing future is one where technology infuses ordinary things with a  bit of magic to create a more satisfying interaction and evoke an emotional response.  Think of this approach to technology as a realization of our fondest fantasies and wildest dreams. A reimagining of flying carpets, talking  mirrors, protective cloaks, animated brooms, and omniscient crystal  balls-as well as cherished everyday objects of our past lives, such as hallway barometers and woodworking tools-things we have always loved, dreamed about, and wanted in our lives. This book is about that reimagining and how to make it a reality. ENCHANTED OBJECTS  humans and machines will be preserved. I disagree. I understand that  category confusion provokes anxiety, that people become disturbed when they're not quite sure if they're talking to a machine or a person. But I also believe that natural human-computer interaction has more  benefits than risks. When I was in high school, the standard breakup line was "Let's just  be friends ." The snide retort was "If I wanted another friend, I would have gotten a dog." Given Facebook's and Linkedin's abilities to connect me with hundreds of loose ties (aka "friends"), I don't feel the need for a new set of artificial friends in my life, especially in the form  of awkward, sometimes dim-witted, and often brittle robots.